Update docs. (#55)
yiisoft/yii-widgets: docs/dropdown.md

                ],
            ],
        ]
    )
    ->toggleType('link')
    ->toggleType('split')
    ->render();
```

The code above generates the following HTML:

```html
<div class="btn-group">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-danger">Action</button>
    <button type="button" id="dropdown-example" class="btn btn-danger dropdown-toggle dropdown-toggle-split" aria-expanded="false" data-bs-toggle="dropdown"><span class="visually-hidden">Action</span></button>
    <ul class="dropdown-menu" aria-labelledby="dropdown-example">
        <li><a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Action</a></li>
        <li><a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Another action</a></li>
        <li><a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Something else here</a></li>
        <li><hr class="dropdown-divider"></li>
        <li><a class="dropdown-item" href="#">Separated link</a></li>
    </ul>
</div>
```

## Setters

All setters are immutable and return a new instance of the `Yiisoft\Yii\Widgets\Menu` class with the specified value.

Method | Description | Default
-------|-------------|---------
`activeCssClass(string $value)` | The CSS class to be added to the active item. | `active`

> `container(bool $value)` | The specified if the container is enabled, or not. | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`container(bool $value)` | If the container is enabled, or not. | `true`
```

`containerAttributes(array $valuesMap)` | The HTML attributes for the container tag. | `[]`
`containerClass(string $value)` | The CSS class for the container tag. | `''`
`containerTag(string $value)` | The tag name for the container tag. | `div`
`disabledClass(string $value)` | The CSS class to be added to the disabled item. | `disabled`
`dividerAttributes(array $valuesMap)` | The HTML attributes for the divider tag. | `[]`
`dividerClass(string $value)` | The CSS class for the divider tag. | `dropdown-divider`
`dividerTag(string $value)` | The tag name for the divider tag. | `hr`
`headerClass(string $value)` | The CSS class for the header tag. | `''`
`headerTag(string $value)` | The tag name for the header tag. | `h6`
`id(string $value)` | The ID of the widget. | `''`
`itemClass(string $value)` | The CSS class for the item tag. | `dropdown-item`

> `itemContainer(string $value)` | Specified item container, if false, the item container will not be rendered. | `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`itemContainer(string $value)` | Item container to use. If false, the item container will not be rendered. | `true`
```
